saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ vi myrc1.yaml
saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ cat myrc1.yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ReplicationController
metadata:
  name: webrc
spec:
  replicas: 5
  template:
    metadata:
      name: nginx
      labels:
        project: robochef
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: nginx
        image: nginx
        ports:
        - containerPort: 80

saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ kubectl get rc
No resources found in default namespace.
saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ kubectl apply -f myrc1.yaml
replicationcontroller/webrc created
saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ kubectl get rc
NAME    DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
webrc   5         5         2       7s
saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ kubectl get pods
NAME          READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
webpod        1/1     Running   0          37m
webpod2       1/1     Running   0          30m
webrc-2slkc   1/1     Running   0          20s
webrc-b5drh   1/1     Running   0          20s
webrc-c54sg   1/1     Running   0          20s
webrc-csz9c   1/1     Running   0          20s
webrc-wvlvs   1/1     Running   0          20s
saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ kubectl get pods
NAME          READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
webpod        1/1     Running   0          37m
webpod2       1/1     Running   0          30m
webrc-2slkc   1/1     Running   0          34s
webrc-b5drh   1/1     Running   0          34s
webrc-c54sg   1/1     Running   0          34s
webrc-csz9c   1/1     Running   0          34s
webrc-wvlvs   1/1     Running   0          34s
saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ kubectl get pods
NAME          READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
webpod        1/1     Running   0          37m
webpod2       1/1     Running   0          31m
webrc-2slkc   1/1     Running   0          54s
webrc-b5drh   1/1     Running   0          54s
webrc-c54sg   1/1     Running   0          54s
webrc-csz9c   1/1     Running   0          54s
webrc-wvlvs   1/1     Running   0          54s
saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ kubectl get pods
NAME          READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
webpod        1/1     Running   0          37m
webpod2       1/1     Running   0          31m
webrc-2slkc   1/1     Running   0          60s
webrc-b5drh   1/1     Running   0          60s
webrc-c54sg   1/1     Running   0          60s
webrc-csz9c   1/1     Running   0          60s
webrc-wvlvs   1/1     Running   0          60s
saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ kubectl delete pod webrc-c54sg
pod "webrc-c54sg" deleted
saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$ kubectl get pods
NAME          READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
webpod        1/1     Running   0          38m
webpod2       1/1     Running   0          32m
webrc-2slkc   1/1     Running   0          2m4s
webrc-845zg   1/1     Running   0          6s
webrc-b5drh   1/1     Running   0          2m4s
webrc-csz9c   1/1     Running   0          2m4s
webrc-wvlvs   1/1     Running   0          2m4s
saravanans@skillsasap-vm:~$
